some time ago at Ubisoft we set out to
imagine the tools that would bring the
fun of interactive creation to artists
tools that would allow free
experimentation alone or in small groups
regardless of experience or artistic
domain thanks to these new tools each of
the artists create a unique and
interactive universe even all of this
creative potential a small group of
artists chose to breathe life into a
character in a world you all know so
well once again
long ago the primordial forest deep and
mysterious witnessed the birth of a man
uh a vegetable no no no ah a thingamajig
conjured from the Magnificent moonbeams
of the second summer solstice woven
together by us the NIMS destined to
preserve the equilibrium of the sacred
universe the one we call Raymond proved
himself to be absolutely Hey
unmanageable and utter loss of face for
the magic people's of course
all the same all in the midst of all
kinds of stupidity Raymond mitts at
relay encounter Raoul he discovers his
double his blood brother his it
soon enough they are sharing their
conception of life in polite society
their taste in music dance and the arts
in general and last a friendship moved
to legend and a legend or myth nothing
could keep these two apart almost
nothing
you